Add docs for Circleci rerun failed tests feature (#146)
KnapsackPro/docs.knapsackpro.com: docusaurus/docs/ruby/circleci.md

</Tabs>

You can find a complete CircleCI configuration in [RSpec testing parallel jobs with CircleCI and JUnit XML report](https://docs.knapsackpro.com/2021/rspec-testing-parallel-jobs-with-circleci-and-junit-xml-report).

## Rerun failed tests

Use the [CircleCI rerun failed tests](https://circleci.com/docs/rerun-failed-tests/) feature with Knapsack Pro to only rerun a subset of tests instead of rerunning the entire test suite when a transient test failure arises.

> Thanks to that, you save time and CircleCI resources. See a [video demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf2BK_ZukUg).

Author: Good point. I cropped the video and increased the volume.

```yaml title=".circleci/config.yml"
- run:
    name: RSpec with Knapsack Pro in Queue Mode
    command: |
      export CIRCLE_TEST_REPORTS=/tmp/test-results
      mkdir -p $CIRCLE_TEST_REPORTS

      # split slow spec files by test examples
      # https://docs.knapsackpro.com/ruby/split-by-test-examples/
      export KNAPSACK_PRO_RSPEC_SPLIT_BY_TEST_EXAMPLES=true

      # highlight-start

>       # Use circleci CLI to find out if we need to run all tests or rerun failed tests
>       # We are telling circleci to split the tests across 1 node to get the full list of all tests for consideration. We leave the splitting to Knapsack Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Retrieve the tests to run (either all tests or just the failed ones), and let Knapsack Pro split them optimally.
```

>       circleci tests glob "spec/**/*_spec.rb" | circleci tests run --index 0 --total 1 --command ">/tmp/tests_to_run.txt xargs echo" --verbose > /tmp/tests_to_run.txt

Reviewer: I think that with `-n1` you won't need the `sed` later:

```suggestion
      circleci tests glob "spec/**/*_spec.rb" | circleci tests run --index 0 --total 1 --command ">/tmp/tests_to_run.txt xargs -n1 echo" --verbose > /tmp/tests_to_run.txt
```

Author: It works. Cool. 🚀
